docs(rfc-0365): constitution changes (#4058)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/RFC-0365_ConstitutionChanges.md

technological merits of the potential system outlined herein.

## Goals
The aim of this document is to describe the mechanisms of contract constitution changes on the Tari Digital Asset network (DAN).

## Related Requests for Comment
* [RFC-0312: High level Digital Asset Network Specification](RFC-0312_DANHighLevelSpecification.md)

## Description

### Overview
After the [contract definition transaction], the asset issuer publishes the [contract constitution transaction]. That transaction (UTXO) defines how a contract is managed, including, among others:
1. Validator Node Committee (VNC) composition. This includes the rules over how members are added or removed. It may be that the VNC has autonomy over these changes, or that the asset issuer must approve changes, or some other authorization mechanism.
2. Side-chain medatada record: the consensus algorithm to be used and the checkpoint quorum requirements.
3. Checkpoint parameters record: minimum checkpoint frequency, commiteee change rules (e.g. asset issuer must sign, or a quorum of VNC members, or a whitelist of keys).

> Then, and ONLY during the contract execution, any authorsised party can propose a change of any of those three parameters. The constitution changes MUST happen at checkpoints. 

Reviewer: Not only during the contract execution, if the acceptance is not met, the AI might want to change the constitution to be more favourable or abandon it. 
Perhaps using a timelock that allows the AI to spend it after the acceptance period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, and ONLY during the contract execution, any authorised party can propose a change of any of those three parameters. 
```

> Note that changes (how and when) in both side-chain metadata record and checkpoint parameters record MAY be specified in the contract constitution UTXO, inside a `RequirementsForConstitutionChange` record. If omitted, the checkpoint parameters and side-chain metadata records are immutable via covenant.

Reviewer: Need a definition of this somewhere

***Open questions:***
* ***Base layer ensures that the constitution changes are enforced upon activation? How exactly? Via covenants and/or scripts?***

> * ***How exactly is the VNC composition especified? This is probably better clarified in the [contract definition transaction]. It could be a fixed list of public keys for each member or allow open committees by specifying minimum/maximum member***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***How exactly is the VNC composition specified? This is probably better clarified in the [contract definition transaction]. It could be a fixed list of public keys for each member or allow open committees by specifying minimum/maximum member***
```
